h1. Import Export

The *Import Export* extension supports an enhanced version of exporting your Radiant database, and 
adds the ability to import the results of an export operation.

h2. Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:  @gem 'radiant-import_export-extension'@
And then execute:  @$ bundle@
Or install it yourself as:  @$ gem install radiant-import_export-extension@

h2. History

* 2014-04-07 - Gemify [Andrew vonderLuft]
* 2013-12-31 - added capability to import/export join tables [Andrew vonderLuft]
* since then - "tweaks and enhancements":https://github.com/radiant/radiant-import-export-extension/commits/master
* 2009-09-22 - Skip addition (ability to skip tables) [Johannes Fahrenkrug]
* 2007-04-18 - First release [Sean Cribbs]

h2. Usage

* Import:  $ rake db:import [TEMPLATE=path/to/export.yml]
* Export: $ rake db:export [SKIP="tabelname1,tablename2"] [TEMPLATE=path/to/export.yml]  (or browse to /admin/export )

h2. Contributing

# Fork it
# Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b my-new-feature`)
# Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Add some feature'`)
# Push to the branch (`git push origin my-new-feature`)
# Create new Pull Request

h2. To do

* Import still not working with Oracle
* Add more tests

h2. "Contributors":https://github.com/radiant/radiant-import-export-extension/graphs/contributors

* "Sean Cribbs":https://github.com/seancribbs
* "Johannes Fahrenkrug":https://github.com/jfahrenkrug
* "Drew Neil":https://github.com/nelstrom
* "Istvan Hoka":https://github.com/ihoka
* "Chris Parrish":https://github.com/chrisparrish
* "Andrew vonderLuft":https://github.com/avonderluft
* "et al.":https://github.com/radiant/radiant-import-export-extension/graphs/contributors

